README.md, before:

# EventGroup

EventGroup is an amazing app that can get you the latest events happening in the states!

## API usage

https://platform.seatgeek.com/#events

## Description

This app is written in Swift (UIKit)

There are three main controllers.
1. NavigationController (MainVC). It is mostly empty
2. TableViewController (TVC). 
3. ViewController (detailVC). A detail view for each table cell

We also have a UISearchController in code embedded in TableViewController (TVC), it gives us the searchBar on the top of the tableView cells. 

The app also uses Core Data to persist between app launches. 

## Animation

When you scroll down, the table view cells will appear gradually


## Build and Deployment target

This project is built in Xcode 12.4
Deployment target : iOS 13.0

## Current Issues

The current build will pop up error message

```swift
EventGroup[21343:1321333] [] nw_protocol_get_quic_image_block_invoke dlopen libquic failed
```

I suspect it is a error when getting an image from URL in "TVC.swift"

Commit message:

synchronize readme with production branch

README.md, after:

# EventGroup

EventGroup is an amazing app that can get you the latest events happening in the states!

## API usage

https://platform.seatgeek.com/#events

## Description

This app is written in Swift (UIKit)

There are three main controllers.
1. NavigationController (MainVC). It is mostly empty
2. TableViewController (TVC). 
3. ViewController (detailVC). A detail view for each table cell

We also have a UISearchController in code embedded in TableViewController (TVC), it gives us the searchBar on the top of the tableView cells. 

The app also uses Core Data to persist between app launches, and Codable to decode JSON file.

## Animation

When you scroll down, the table view cells will appear gradually

## Build and Deployment target

This project is built in Xcode 12.4

Deployment target : iOS 12.1 (By implementing  @available(iOS 13.0, *) to AppDelegate and SceneDelegate)

## Branches

Main:           The branch that I'm currently working on. This branch has incorporated CoreData model, but I've met a lot of difficulties when using CoreData and Codable together. For example, when setting event entity to be transformable, I met issue with NSSecureCoding because I use NSSecureUnarchieveFromData transformer, an area that I'm not familiar with

Production: Fully runnable. However, it does not have persistance across app launches. 

**NOTE**: When testing, please use production branch. I will continue to debug and push to the main branch.  


## Current Issues

The current build will pop up error message

```swift
EventGroup[21343:1321333] [] nw_protocol_get_quic_image_block_invoke dlopen libquic failed
```

I suspect it is a error when getting an image from URL in "TVC.swift"
